## Questions

1. The project I am most proud of is my first professional project 'Hunkware'. This was the project I was assigned at College Hunks Hauling Junk and Moving. I was responsible for a complete rebuild of the companies internal business management software. I was able to build my skills with a 'trial by fire' style rebuild. This application had about 300 screens and hundreds of endpoints. I converted it from php/jquery to react/node. At the end of the project everyone in the business loved the updated software. It was a great start to my career.
2. I have been getting into crypto recently. I would recommend that anyone with a bit of technical prowess and access to high end computer components look into mining cryptocurrencies. For people with less tech skills I would recommend looking into NFTs(non fungible tokens). A new layer to the economy is being built around us and I would recomend everyone try to get their piece of it.
3. Avality is a piece of software that translates the paperwork doctors fill out into a format medical insurance companies can process. This allows for the smooth and efficient processing of medical insurance claims.
4. To inspect the code look at the LISP.js file. To see the results check the console.
5. To inspect the code look at the SignUp.js file. To view the screen run the  `yarn` then `yarn start`  and check localhost:3000
6. I was unable to complete this challenge in a timely manner I'm happy to discuss my challenges in the interview that accompanies this. 